#12953 Added Default Tests for Root and Homepage Pages in Wagtail Starter Projects (#12967)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/getting_started/tutorial.md

```{note}
This tutorial uses `http://127.0.0.1:8000` as the URL for your development server but depending on your setup, this could be a different IP address or port. Please read the console output of `manage.py runserver` to determine the correct URL for your local site.
```
### Running and Writing Tests

> Wagtail now includes basic tests in the `home/tests.py` file when you create a new project using `wagtail start`. These tests check:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new project using `wagtail start`, there will be a set of basic tests included in the `home/tests.py` file.

These tests check:
```

Just a reword, we do not need to say 'now includes' as these docs will be read when the updates already exist. Also, we try to avoid repeating 'Wagtail' as it's the docs you are already looking at.

> - If the **Root Page** (ID=1) is automatically created.
> - If the **Homepage** is created as a child of the root page.
> - If a **BlogIndexPage** (or other page types) can be added.

Reviewer: Just a refinement, avoiding bold and using the model as a code formatted proper noun.

```suggestion
-   If the _root `Page`_ (ID=1) is automatically created.
-   If the _home `Page`_ is created as a child of the root page.
-   If a `BlogIndexPage` (or other page types) can be added.
```

Also, adding extra spaces to the list, while we do not use Prettier in MD docs, it's going to get these extra spaces when we do manual clean up sometimes.

#### Running the Tests

> To run the tests, navigate to your project folder and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To run the tests, navigate to your project folder and run:
```

Extra line break.

```sh

> python manage.py test home

Reviewer: ````suggestion
python manage.py test home
```
````

Missed the closing backticks.

```{note}
This tutorial uses `http://127.0.0.1:8000` as the URL for your development server but depending on your setup, this could be a different IP address or port. Please read the console output of `manage.py runserver` to determine the correct URL for your local site.
```
### Running and Writing Tests

When you create a new project using `wagtail start`, there will be a set of basic tests included in the `home/tests.py` file.

These tests check:

-   If the _root `Page`_ (ID=1) is automatically created.
-   If the _home `Page`_ is created as a child of the root page.
-   If a `BlogIndexPage` (or other page types) can be added.

#### Running the Tests

To run the tests, navigate to your project folder and run:

```sh
python manage.py test home
```

> 

Reviewer 2: As a general point - we need to think very carefully about any changes to the tutorial, particularly ones so early in the steps, as this will often be the first impression that new users receive of Wagtail.

* We want to ensure that users following the tutorial see tangible results as quickly as possible. It's good to get users into the mindset of testing early, but do we really want to take them on a tangent before they've even seen the admin interface?
* The description of what these tests are checking includes concepts that haven't been explained yet - such as `BlogIndexPage` (is this actually true any more?) and, particularly, the idea that "root" is a page in its own right - I'd actually consider this to be an internal implementation detail that new users shouldn't have to know, and we'd generally avoid mentioning it directly, through wording like "create a page at the root level" rather than "create a page as a child of the root page".
* Have we checked that these tests continue to work correctly after we've extended HomePage?

Reviewer: @megatrron can you move the content to the project template page in the docs instead?

Probably under the Django settings section, before the Docker file one.
